chore(docs): update API documentation with CLI and persisted (#186)
0no-co/gql.tada: website/reference/gql-tada-cli.md

| `--tsconfig,-c`      | A relative location from your current working directory where we can find your `tsconfig`.      |
| `--fail-on-warn,-w`  | Triggers an error and a non-zero exit code if any warnings have been reported (default: false). |
| `--level,-l`         | The minimum severity of diagnostics to display: info, warn or error (default: info).            |

One of the short-comings of the LSP plugin method is that these don't run during `tsc`
hence we added the `check` command which will run the same diagnostics logic of our LSP
on your project.

Example usage could look like the following:

::: code-group

```sh [npm]
npx gql-tada check --level warn --exit-on-warn
```

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm gql-tada check --level warn --exit-on-warn
```

```sh [yarn]
yarn gql-tada check --level warn --exit-on-warn
```

```sh [bun]
bun gql-tada check --level warn --exit-on-warn
```

:::

### `generate-schema`

| Option               | Description                                                                                            |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `schema`             | A relative location from your current working directory where we should write the schema to.           |
> | `--tsconfig,-c`      | A relative location from your current working directory where we can find your `tsconfig`.             |
> | `--output,-o`        | Specify where to output the file to. (Default: The `schema` configuration option, if it's a file path) |
> | `--header,`          | A header key-value string to use when retrieving the introspection from a URL.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `schema`             | A relative file path to a schema or URL to a GraphQL API to introspect.           |
| `--tsconfig,-c`      | Optionally, an alternative relative location to the project’s `tsconfig.json`.      |
| `--output,-o`        | An output location to write the `.graphql` schema file to. (Default: The `schema` configuration option) |
| `--header,`          | A key-value header entry to use when retrieving the introspection from a GraphQL API.                         |
```

> Generating your schema can sometimes be behind auth, ... with this command you can
> generate the schema from a URL and use environment variables in your shell rather than
> having to add them in the `tsconfig.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oftentimes, an API may not be running in development, is maintained in a separate repository, or requires authorization headers, and specifying a URL in the `schema` configuration can slow down development.

The `gql.tada generate-schema` command can output a `.graphql` SDL file from a URL and use environment variables. Using this command we can avoid having to add a URL in the `tsconfig.json` configuration.
```

> Example usage could look like the following:
> 
> ::: code-group
> 
> ```sh [npm]
> npx gql-tada generate-schema http://example.com --header 'Authorization: Bearer token'
> ```
> 
> ```sh [pnpm]
> pnpm gql-tada generate-schema http://example.com --header 'Authorization: Bearer token'
> ```
> 
> ```sh [yarn]
> yarn gql-tada generate-schema http://example.com --header 'Authorization: Bearer token'
> ```
> 
> ```sh [bun]
> bun gql-tada generate-schema http://example.com --header 'Authorization: Bearer token'
> ```
> 
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### `generate-output`

| Option                    | Description                                                                                            |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `--disable-preprocessing` | Whether to use our less-efficient legacy format. (Default: false)                                      |
> | `--tsconfig,-c`           | A relative location from your current working directory where we can find your `tsconfig`.             |
> | `--output,-o`             | Specify where to output the file to. (Default: The `tadaOutputLocation` configuration option)          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--disable-preprocessing` | Whether to use the less efficient `.d.ts` introspection format. (Default: false)                                   |
| `--tsconfig,-c`      | Optionally, an alternative relative location to the project’s `tsconfig.json`.      |
| `--output,-o`        | Specify where to output the file to. (Default: The `tadaOutputLocation` configuration option) |
```

> The `generate-output` command mimics the behavior of our LSP where it will look at
> your configured `schema` and output the `graphql-env` to your configured
> `tadaOutputLocation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gql.tada generate-output` command mimics the behavior of `@0no-co/graphqlsp`, outputting the `gql.tada` output file manually. It will load the schema from the specified `schema` configuration option and write the output file.
```

> Example usage could look like the following:
> 
> ::: code-group
> 
> ```sh [npm]
> npx gql-tada generate-output
> ```
> 
> ```sh [pnpm]
> pnpm gql-tada generate-output
> ```
> 
> ```sh [yarn]
> yarn gql-tada generate-output
> ```
> 
> ```sh [bun]
> bun gql-tada generate-output
> ```
> 
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### `turbo`

| Option               | Description                                                                                     |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--tsconfig,-c`      | A relative location from your current working directory where we can find your `tsconfig`.      |
> | `--fail-on-warn,-w`  | Triggers an error and a non-zero exit code if any warnings have been reported (default: false). |
> | `--output,-o`        | Specifies where to output the file to. (Default: The `tadaTurboLocation` configuration option)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--tsconfig,-c`      | Optionally, an alternative relative location to the project’s `tsconfig.json`.      |
| `--fail-on-warn,-w`  | Triggers an error and a non-zero exit code if any warnings have been reported. |
| `--output,-o`        | Specify where to output the file to. (Default: The `tadaTurboLocation` configuration option) |
```

The `turbo` command allows you to cache all the existing GraphQL query types ahead
of time. This step can make checking out the repository faster for other people and
reduce the time spent calculating the types. See it as taking a snapshot of your
current types, when you start editing your queries it will not find it in the cache
anymore and revert to the runtime behavior.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When this command is run inside a GitHub Action, [workflow commands](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-commands-for-github-actions) are used to annotate errors within the GitHub UI.
```

> Example usage could look like the following:
> 
> ::: code-group
> 
> ```sh [npm]
> npx gql-tada turbo
> ```
> 
> ```sh [pnpm]
> pnpm gql-tada turbo
> ```
> 
> ```sh [yarn]
> yarn gql-tada turbo
> ```
> 
> ```sh [bun]
> bun gql-tada turbo
> ```
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### `generate-persisted`

| Option               | Description                                                                                     |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--tsconfig,-c`      | A relative location from your current working directory where we can find your `tsconfig`.      |
> | `--fail-on-warn,-w`  | Triggers an error and a non-zero exit code if any warnings have been reported (default: false). |
> | `--output,-o`        | Specifies where to output the file to. (Default: The `tadaTurboLocation` configuration option)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--tsconfig,-c`      | Optionally, an alternative relative location to the project’s `tsconfig.json`.      |
| `--fail-on-warn,-w`  | Triggers an error and a non-zero exit code if any warnings have been reported. |
| `--output,-o`        | Specify where to output the file to. (Default: The `tadaPersistedLocation` configuration option) |
```

> This will look for all the `graphql.persisted()` calls in your codebase and generate
> a JSON-file containing a mapping of `hash: document` which can then be used with
> a server implementation to lock down your API with the documents that are allowed
> to be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gql.tada generate-persisted` command will scan your code for `graphql.persisted()` calls and generate
a JSON file containing a mapping of document IDs to the GraphQL document strings.
These can then be used to register known and accepted documents (known as “persisted operations”) with your GraphQL API to lock down accepted documents that are allowed to be sent.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When this command is run inside a GitHub Action, [workflow commands](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-commands-for-github-actions) are used to annotate errors within the GitHub UI.
```

> ::: code-group
> 
> ```sh [npm]
> npx gql-tada generate-persisted ./persisted-operations.json
> ```
> 
> ```sh [pnpm]
> pnpm gql-tada generate-persisted ./persisted-operations.json
> ```
> 
> ```sh [yarn]
> yarn gql-tada generate-persisted ./persisted-operations.json
> ```
> 
> ```sh [bun]
> bun gql-tada generate-persisted ./persisted-operations.json
> ```
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
